Acoustics
"Their rising all at once was as the sound of a thunder heard remote." 
--Milton

Advanced Ballistics
"Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided
missiles and misguided men."
--Martin Luther King, Jr.

Agriculture
"Where tillage begins, other arts follow. The farmers therefore are the
founders of human civilization."
--Daniel Webster

Animal Husbandry
"Thou salt not muzzle the ox when he treadeth out the corn." 
--The Bible, Deuteronomy, 25:4

Archaeology
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it."
--George Santayana

Archery
"The haft of the arrow had been feathered with one of the eagle's own
plumes. We often give our enemies the means of our own destruction."
--Aesop

Astronomy
"Joyfully to the breeze royal Odysseus spread his sail, and with his
rudder skillfully he steered."
--Homer

Atomic Theory
"The unleashed power of the atom has changed everything save our modes
of thinking, and we thus drift toward unparalleled catastrophes."
--Albert Einstein

Banking
"Happiness: a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion."
--Jean Jacques Rousseau

Biology
"If the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so
simple we couldn't."
--Lyall Watson

Bronze Working
"Here Hector entered, with a spear eleven cubits long in his hand; the
bronze point gleamed in front of him, and was fastened to the shaft of
the spear by a ring of gold."
--Homer

Calendar
"So teach us to number our days, so that we may apply our hearts unto
wisdom."
--The Bible, Psalms, 90:12

Chemistry
"Wherever we look, the work of the chemist has raised the level of our
civilization and has increased the productive capacity of our nation."
--Calvin Coolidge

Chivalry
"Who pulleth out this sword of this stone and anvil, is rightwise
kingborn of all England"
--Malory

Civil Service
"The only thing that saves us from the bureaucracy is its inefficiency." 
--Eugene McCarthy

Combined Arms
"The root of the evil is not the construction of new, more dreadful
weapons. It is the spirit of conquest."
--Ludwig von Mises

Combustion
"Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not
giving the kiss the attention it deserves."
--Albert Einstein

Compass
"I find the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand, as
in what direction we are moving."
--Oliver Wendell Holmes

Computers
"Computer are like Old Testament gods: lots of rules and no mercy."
--Joseph Campbell

Construction
"Three things are to be looked to in a building: that it stand on the
right spot; that it be securely founded; that it be successfully
executed."
--Johann Wolfgang von Goethe

Currency
"Better is bread with a happy heart/Than wealth with vexation." 
--Amenemope 

Dynamite 
"As soon as men decide that all means are permitted to fight an
evil,then their good becomes indistinguishable from the evil that they
set out to destroy."
--Christopher Dawson

Economics
"Compound interest is the most powerful force in the universe." 
--Albert Einstein

Ecology 
"Only within the moment of time represented by the present century as
one species, man, acquired significant power to alter the nature of
hisworld."
--Rachel Carson

Education
"Education is the best provision for old age." 
--Aristotle 

Electricity 
"Is it a fact - or have I dreamt it - that, by means of electricity, the
world of matter has become a great nerve, vibrating thousands of miles
in a breathless point of time?"
--Nathaniel Hawthorne

Electronics
"There's a basic principle about consumer electronics: it gets more
powerful all the time and it gets cheaper all the time."
--Trip Hawkins

Engineering
"Instrumental or mechanical sciencce is the noblest and, above all
others, the most useful."
--Leonardo da Vinci

Fertilizer
"The nation that destroys its soil destroys itself." 
--Franklin Delano Roosevelt 

Flight 
"Aeronautics was neither an industry nor a science. It was a miracle."
--Igor Sikorsky

Future Tech
"I think we all agree, the past is over." 
--George W. Bush 

Globalization 
"The new electronic interdependence recreates the world in the image of
a global village."
--Marshall McLuhan

Gunpowder
"The day when two army corps can annihilate each other in one second,
all civilized nations, it is to be hoped, will recoil from war and
discharge their troops."
--Alfred Nobel

Horseback Riding
"My kingdom for a horse!" 
--Shakespeare (Richard III) 

Iron Working 
"Do not wait to strike 'til the iron is hot; but make it hot by
striking."
--William Butler Yeats

Lasers
"The night is far spent, the day is at hand; let us therefore cast off
the works of darkness, and let us put on the armor of light."
--The Holy Bible: Romans, 13:12

Machinery
"The press is the best instrument for enlightening the mind of man, and
improving him as a rational, moral and social being."
--Thomas Jefferson

Masonry
"How happy are those whose walls already rise!" 
--Virgil 

Mathematics 
"Mathematics is the gate and key to the sciences."
--Roger Bacon

Metal Casting
"When pieces of bronze or gold or iron break, the metal-smith welds them
together again in the fire, and the bond is established."
--Sri Guru Granth Sahib

Metallurgy
"There never was a good knife made of bad steel." 
--Benjamin Franklin 

Military Science 
"Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men.  It is the
spirit of the men who follow and of the man who leads that gains
thevictory."
--George S. Patton

Mining
"The meek shall inherit the Earth, but not its mineral rights." 
--J. Paul Getty 

Mobile Tactics 
"All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see
is the strategy out of which victory is evolved."
--Sun Tzu

Nanotechnology
"The impact of nanotechnology is expected to exceed the impact the
electronics revolution has had on our lives."
--Richard Schwartz

Navigation
"The winds and the waves are always on the side of the ablest
navigators." 
--Edward Gibbon 

Nuclear Fission 
"I am become Death, the destroyer of worlds."
--J. Robert Oppenheimer

Nuclear Fusion
"The release of atomic energy has not created a new problem.  It has
merely made more urgent the necessity of solving an existing one."
--Albert Einstein

Optics
"He made an instrument to know/If the moon shine at full or no." 
--Samuel Butler 

Particle Physics 
"Every particle of matter is attracted by or gravitates to every other
particle of matter with a force inversely proportional to the squares
oftheir distances."
--Isaac Newton

Penicillin
"In nothing do men more nearly approach the gods than in giving health
to men."
--Cicero

Philosophy
"There is only one good, knowledge, and one evil, ignorance." 
--Socrates 

Physics 
"Measure what is measurable, and make measurable what is not so."
--Galileo

Plastics
"Ben, I want to say one word to you, just one word: plastics." 
--Buck Henry and Calder Willingham, The Graduate 

Pottery 
"Shall the clay say to him that fashioneth it, What makest thou?"
--The Bible, Isaiah, 45:9

Printing Press
"It is a newspaper's duty to print the news and raise hell." 
--The Chicago Times

Radar 
"Vision is the art of seeing things invisible."
--Jonathan Swift

Radio
"The whole country was tied together by radio. We all experienced the
same heroes and comedians and singers. They were giants."
--Woody Allen

Railroad
"The introduction of so powerful an agent as steam to a carriage on
wheels will make a great change in the situation of man."
--Thomas Jefferson

Refrigeration
"And homeless near a thousand homes I stood, and near a thousand tables
pined and wanted food."
--William Wordsworth

Replaceable Parts
"Nothing is particularly hard if you divide it into small jobs." 
--Henry Ford 

Rifling 
"It is well that war is so terrible, or we should grow too fond of it."
--Robert E. Lee

Robotics
"1. A robot may not injure a human being or, through inaction, allow a
human being to come to harm.
 2. A robot must obey any orders given to it by human beings, except
 where such orders would conflict with the First Law.  
 3. A robot must protect its own existence as long as such protection
 does not conflict with the First or Second Law."
--Isaac Asimov

Rocketry
"A good rule for rocket experimenters to follow is this: always assume
that it will explode."
--Astronautics Magazine, 1937

Sailing
"He who commands the sea has command of everything." 
--Themistocles

Satellites 
"Now, somehow, in some new way, the sky seemed almost alien."
--Lyndon B. Johnson

Scientific Theory
"Every great advance in science has issues from a new audacity of
imagination."
--John Dewey

Stealth
"Be extremely subtle, even to the point of formlessness. Be extremely
mysterious, even to the point of soundlessness. Thereby you can be the
director of the opponent's fate."
--Sun Tzu

Steam Power
"The nations of the West hope that by means of steam communications all
the world will become as one family."
--Townsend Harris

Steel
"John Henry said to his Captain: 'A man ain't nothin' but a man,/And
before I'll let your steam drill beat me down,/I'll die with the hammer
in my hand."
--Anonymous: The Ballad of John Henry, the Steel-Drivin' Man

Telecommunications
"The more we elaborate our means of communication, the less we
communicate."
--J.B. Priestly

The Internet
"The Internet is the first thing that humanity has built that humanity
doesn't understand, the largest experiment in anarchy that we have ever
had."
--Eric Schmidt

Theology
"Three things are necessary for the salvation of man: to know what he
ought to believe; to know what he ought to desire; and to know what he
ought to do."
--St. Thomas Aquinas

Trapping
"Even brute beasts and wandering birds do not fall for the same traps or
nets twice."
--Saint Jerome

The Wheel
"Wisdom and virtue are like the two wheels of a cart." 
--Japanese Proverb

Writing
"He who destroys a good book kills reason itself."
--John Milton

