Angkor Wat
"The temple is like no other building in the world. It has towers and
decoration and all the refinements which the human genius can conceive
of."
--Antonio da Magdalena

Big Ben
"To achieve great things, two things are needed: a plan, and not quite
enough time."
--Leonard Bernstein

Brandenburg Gate
"Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of
kings."
--Horace

Chichen Itza
"The katun is established at Chicen Itza. The settlement of the Itza
shall take place there. The quetzal shall come, the green bird shall
come. Ah Kantenal shall come. It is the word of God. The Itza shall
come."
--The Books of Chilam Balam

Colossus
"Why man, he doth bestride the narrow world like a colossus; and we
petty men walk under his huge legs, and peep about to find ourselves
dishonorable graves."
--William Shakespeare: Julius Caesar

Cristo Redentor
"Come to me, all who labor and are heavy burdened, and I will give you
rest."
--The Bible, Matthrew 25:28

Eiffel Tower
"We only live to discover beauty. All else is a form of waiting."
--Kahlil Gibran

Forbidden Palace
"Most of us can, as we choose, make of the world either a palace or a
prison."
--John Lubbock

Great Library
"Libraries are as the shrine where all the relics of the ancient saints,
full of true virtue, and all that without delusion or imposture are
preserved and restored."
--Sir Francis Bacon

Great Lighthouse
"They that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in great
waters; these see the works of the Lord, and his wonders in the deep."
--The Bible, Psalms 107:23-24

Great Wall
"The art of war teaches us to rely not on the likelihood of the
enemy's...not attacking, but rather on the fact that we have made our
position unassailable."
--Sun Tzu

Hagia Sophia
"For it soars to a height to match the sky, and as if surging up from
amongst the other buildings it stands on high and looks down upon the
remainder of the city, adorning it, because it is a part of it, but
glorying in its own beauty."
--Procopius, De Aedificus

Hanging Gardens
"I think that if ever a mortal heard the word of God it would be in a
garden at the cool of day."
--F. Frankfort Moore

Himeji Castle
"Bushido is realized in the presence of death. This means choosing death
whenever there is a choice between life and death. There is not other
reasoning."
--Yamamoto Tsunetomo

Kremlin
"The Law is a fortress on a hill that armies cannot take or floods wash
away."
--The Prophet Muhammed

Louvre
"Every genuine work of art has as much reason for being as the earth and
the sun."
--Ralph Waldo Emerson

Machu Picchu
"Few romances can ever surpass that of the granite citadel on top of the
beetling precipices of Machu Picchu, the crown of Inca Land."
--Hiram Bingham

Notre Dame
"Architecture has recorded the great ideas of the human race. Not only
every religious symbol, but every human thought has its page in that
vast book."
--Victor Hugo

Oracle
"The ancient Oracle said that I was the wisest of all the Greeks. It is
because I alone, of all the Greeks, know that I know nothing."
--Socrates

Pentagon
"In preparing for battle I have always found that plans are useless, but
planning is indispensable."
--Dwight D. Eisenhower

Porcelain Tower
"Things always seem fairer when we look back at them, and it is out of
of that inaccessible tower of the past that Longing leans and beckons."
--James Russell Lowell

Pyramids
"O, let not the pains of death which come upon thee enter into my body.
I am the god Tem, and I am in the foremost part of the sky, and the
power which protecteth me is that which is with all the gods forever."
--The Book of the Dead, translated by Sit Ernest Alfred Wallis Budge

Sistine Chapel
"I live and love in God's peculiar light."
--Michaelangelo Buonarroti

Statue of Liberty
"Give me your tired, your poor,/Your huddled masses yearning to breathe
free,/The wretched refuse of your teeming shore./Send these, the
homeless, tempest-tost to me,/I lift my lamp beside the golden door."
--Emma Lazarus

Stonehenge
"Time crumbles things; everything grows old and is forgotten under the
power of time."
--Aristotle

Sydney Opera House
"Those who lose dreaming are lost."
--Australian Aboriginal saying

Taj Mahal
"The Taj Mahal rises above the banks of the river like a solitary tear
suspended on the cheek of time."
--Rabindranth Tagore

Alhambra
"Justice is an unassailable fortress, built on the brow of a mountain
which cannot be overthrown by the violence of torrents, nor demolished
by the force of armies."
--Joseph Addison

Borbodur
"When you realize how perfect everything is, you will tilt your head
back and laugh at the sky."
--Gautama Buddha

Broadway
"Broadway is a main artery of New York cultural life - the hardened
artery."
--Walter Winchell

CN Tower
"Nothing travels faster than the speed of light with the possible
exception of bad news, which obeys its own special laws."
--Douglas Adams

Globe Theatre
"Totus mundus agit histrionem"
--Inscription above main entrance to the Globe Theatre

Great Firewall
"Distrust and caution are the parents of security."
--Benjamin Franklin

Great Mosque of Djenne
"With the magnificence of eternity before us, let time, with all its
fluctuations, dwindle into its own littleness."
--Thomas Chalmers

Hubble Space Telescope
"The wonder is, not that the field of stars is so vast, but that man has
measured it."
--Anatole France

International Space Station
"Building one space station for everyone was and is insane; we should
have built a dozen."
--Larry Niven

Leaning Tower of Pisa
"Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building."
--John Osborne

Mausoleum of Halicarnassus
"The whole earth is the tomb of heroic men and their story is not given
only on stone over their clay but abides everywhere without visible
symbol woven into the stuff of other men's lives."
--Pericles

Neuschwanstein
"...the location is one of the most beautiful to be found, holy and
unapproachable, a worthy temple for the divine friend who has brought
salvation and true blessing to the world."
--King Ludwig II of Bavaria

Parthenon
"Earth proudly wears the Parthenon as the best gem upon her zone."
--Ralph Waldo Emerson

Petra
"...who drinks the water I shall give him, says the Lord, will have a
spring inside him welling up for eternal life. Let them bring me to your
holy mountain in the place where you dwell. Across the desert and
through the mountain to the Canyon of the Crescent Moon..."
--Indiana Jones

Prora
"This loss (of freedom) means the fading from human life of values
infinitely precious to it. There only remain ironbound conditions of
employment and trivial amusements for leisure."
--A.N. Whitehead

Red Fort
"When we build, let us think that we build forever."
--John Ruskin

Statue of Zeus
"He spoke, the son of Kronos, and nodded his head with the dark brows,
and the immortally anointed hair of the great god swept from his divine
head, and all Olympos was shaken."
--The Iliad

Temple of Artemis
"It is not so much for its beauty that the forest makes a claim upon
men's hearts, as for that subtle something, that quality of air, that
emanation from old trees, that so wonderfully changes and renews a weary
spirit."
--Robert Louis Stevenson

Terracotta Army
"Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into
the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they
will stand by you even unto death."
--Sun Tzu

Uffizi
"The painter is not simply someone who looks and who sees. Above all,
the artist is someone who exposes a personal vision by rendering it
visible."
--Marcel Paquet

